now that we've 100 all the housekeeping of creating an account,
logging in and out,
editing your account into leading your account,
we can actually move on to the meat of the application,
which begins with actually creating a check that we'd like to set up the created new check
page.
And we already have a server route in place for that called checks slash create,
which maps to handlers dot checks create.
So we're gonna take the familiar steps,
just like we did last time of copying the previous handler and then doing some slight
modifications to it to create the checks.
Create page,
say,
create a new check it's called checks Create the title is going to be creating a new check
.
We don't need a meta description because this is a protected page that you could only see
if you were logged in and the body class is checks create the template will be the same
name checks create.
Now we're going to create the template,
touch templates,
slash checks,
create dot html,
open it up and let's go ahead and paste.
In this very large template,
we have a header and a sub header as before we've added a new feature,
which is a back button which really just links back to the dashboard page,
which is check slash all that.
We have a form called checks create,
which allows a user to select a protocol from a drop down.
Tell us what the U.
R.
L is in a normal input and then check the boxes for all of the success codes that they want
to 100 through 500.
We then give them another drop down for the HDP method and one last drop down for the time
out seconds.
Lastly,
we have the submit button down there.
So since this is the first time that we are handling check boxes and select drop downs,
we need to update app dot Js to be able to read those type of inputs before the payload is
set off.
All right,
now we've done that,
as you can see and we've also added a success handler for checks create that redirects the
user to checks all after they have created a new check.
So if you successfully submit a new check and the foreign validates and we get a 200 back,
we will go ahead and redirect you to the dashboard,
which is just a list of all your checks,
including the one that you just created.
CSS is updated as well.
So now we should be able to start up.
The APP should be able to go over here,
log in with that user we've been using.
I'm going to navigate away from the check slash all page to what our new route is,
which you can see is checks slash create and you can see this new form.
Let's go ahead and select that.
We want this for twitter dot com.
We want thes success codes.
Http is put and the time out is two seconds gonna submit that.
As you can see,
we were redirected to check slash all,
which means we must have gotten a 200 back from the server.
If we navigate to our data,
we can see that one of these checks has actually been created by our new user,
the one that ends in nine.
These other four checks were created by the user that ends in eight,
which is what we did earlier.
But this one is new and it was just created by us when we did that example,
you can see that it set twitter dot com put these different success codes,
etcetera.
So created check seems to be working fine,
and we can go ahead and move on to the next election.